Bugs

The username of a person who has guessed but never posted is never updated
A photo which is guessed or revealed and then removed from the group remains
  in the database but is no longer updated

Debt

Don't use should grammar in spec helper method names
Use RESTful routing in more places.
  Having done so, enforce correct HTTP method on remaining non-RESTful actions.
Fix guess scored before the group started
  Remove checks that filter out that data?
Extract facades from models
Merge revelations into guesses?
After this bug http://code.google.com/p/phusion-passenger/issues/detail?id=563
  is fixed,
  Upgrade to passenger 3
  Upgrade to Rails 3
  rvm
  Upgrade to Ruby 1.9.2

Features

Don't say "passed n people" if the guesser jumped more than one place
Photo edit page
  Reduce the number of clicks it takes to add or remove a guess or revelation
  Make it possible to mark a photo as revealed which doesn't have a comment by
    the poster, e.g. http://www.flickr.com/photos/kewlio/3303015174/, or Glenn's
    El Polin picnic post
  Make it possible to individually remove a guess which was added with a different username
Include tags in update
  Highlight foundinSF/unfoundinSF in unfound list
Include comments in update
  Order unfound list by most recent comment
Post scores to Flickr group automatically
Add a search feature
Provide page for players which lists scoring actions (guesses and revelations),
  and possibly score publication times, newest to oldest.
Add last-updated dates to photos which
- reflect only things relevant to scoring
- reflect only things relevant to players
and use in unfound list
Track photosurl
  Generate URLs using it when possible
  Use it in the front-page person search
  Use it in the view bookmarklet
Determine photo locations from correct guess comments
  Determine most-posted locations
Determine neighborhoods from locations and geocodes
  Identify mayors (most posts), tycoons (most guesses) and bosses (both) of
  neighborhoods
In the list of unfounds, highlight photos which if guessed would enter the
  longest-to-find list
Track old usernames
  Put on user page
Track favorites
Track interestingness
Combine a player's posts, guesses and comments into a single activity stream
Do the same for all players?
Write an admin page that reports on bogus data
  Photos that have guesses but have game_status != unfound
  Photos that are guessed by the owner of the photo
  Photos that have both guesses and revelations
  Guesses made before photo was added
Check the bogus data page in update-and-restart

Digest this:

It's an entirely self-serving suggestion, but I wouldn't mind seeing more incorporation/quantification of Posts into scoring/reporting. At a rough level, we could just add a "Finds + Posts" column to the Active Members page so that people could sort that way, if they desired. Score reports could also include a line for Top Posters in the Last Week/Month, just to give props.

More ambitiously, there's probably a way to figure out who are the best posters a la photo views/comments/"interestingness", although that might be going too far.

Also, starting a 2011 Wheresies page a la the 2010 one could be fun now, especially to see how newbies are doing and which posts so far are popular w/r/t comments/guesses.
